---
title: Midway 2020 
layout: post
tags: Updates
date: 2020-07-31 20:30
---

_Halfway there, halfway to go_

<!--more-->
<br/>
<hr/>
<br>
Hello!
<br/>
Welcome to yet another blog post from yours truly. Haven't been posting as much due to being caught up with study for the final course I had to do for semester one this year; shout out to Machine Learning stuff (I will never forget what a [MLP is now!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multilayer_perceptron)). With semester one drawing to a close, it's time to set sights on what the second half of this very... _interesting_ year has in store.
<br/><br/>
## Semester 2
<br/>
I'll be concluding my 4 year sentence to the software engineering hurdles this year! One final surge is all that's needed, and I expect to be posting updates to the various final projects I have to complete; namely, my VR thesis game! Currently this game is still in middling development, but the next few weeks (in between some tedium for the final stuff I have to do be considered a "real engineer") will see some pretty rapid development happening as the content and main game loop become realized. Keep an eye on this site (or my twitter!) to keep up w/ it.

<br/>

In other news, got a Vortex Race 3 keyboard, and my god has this rapidly improved my QoL for development. After ~3 years of using anything from a Razer Blackwidow to my MBP's keyboard, having a keyboard that feels this nice is such a breath of fresh air. Very pleased with this purchase, and would recomend anyone sitting on the fence of buying a new keyboard to just take the dive. 

<br/>

That's it for this post, stay safe out there y'all.
<br/>
<br/>
-polyrain

